Do you want to see my thesis first?
HI my dear partner! 
You always tell me that our campus has the state-of-art basic infrastructure in China...
...And you are right!
But to be the best doesn't mean that there are nothing to be improved.
We've lived in this campus for months, yet we tend to ignore some obvious problems right around us.
Actually at this moment, there is a part of this campus needs an urgent improvement.
...
Let me show you what is happening right now around us in an obvious corner...
...yet an invisible one.
This is the public space of our residential college. As you can see, there are...
...lots of large cardboard paper boxes around the dustbin.
However, it's not the paper boxes that causes any problem, but the trash in them.
You see, students tend to dump their trash into the paper boxes rather than the dustbin besides them...
...which is problematic since there is considerable amount of organic waste, which tends to...
...produces terrible smell before they get cleaned.
Now, do you think this will be a serious problem?
You may argue that such smells is just nasty, not really harmful.
Let's go through this article together and you may change your mind...
You are absolutely right! Insignificant as it might seems at your first glance...
The negative influence caused by the smell generated by organic waste can't be possibly ignored.
Would you like me to elaborate on this topic further?
This is the abstract of the article by Paulina Rudziak, Evans Batung and Isaac Luginaah...
...published PLOS ONE.
It focuses on the respiratory issues and psychological effects caused by organic waste odors.
The study examined data from 32 different communities across 12 countries, and here are their findings:
First, there is a positive connection between organic waste emissions and the damage of human health...
...both directly and indirectly.
For example, the Ammonia in the emissions will not only cause Lung irritation...
...and the damage of olfactory cells (Which weakens your ability to smell things), but also it will...
...cause indirect harm like soil and water body acidifiction in our campus.
Second, from a psychological point of view, many have reported that to expose to these emissions...
...causes eye irritation and sensory adaptation issues.
Last but not the least, from a long-term point of view, thses odors elevated stress hormones...
...in long-term exposed individuals, which is the least thing we want to see...
...on a stressful university student with tight time scheduals
As a conclusion, these odours does no good to the residents of our college.
So we may agree that immeadiate action should be taken.
Here are some possible solutions, but are they practical or even make sense after all?
This is a 'simple' solution...
...yet an impractical one. The reasons are as follow:
Where does these cardboard paper boxes come from? Postal services clearly.
We all know that there is a recycling spot in the postal service spot of our campus...
...So why would anyone be bothered to take the boxes back to the domitory instead of just putting them at the recycling spot?
Because the content inside the package is too large or heavy to be carried by bare hand...
...which means that A.Sometimes students have to take back large paper boxes, B.They have to throw them somewhere.
Even if they choose not to throw then in the college...
...these paper boxes will eventually end up somewher out of the residential college but still in this campus.
You see? This solution transfers the problem to somewhere outside the residential college...
...but doesn't solve it.
This one sounds better than the previous solution...
...but is not good enough as well. The reasons are as follow:
Assuming that you have successfully persuade the students'union of the residential college into...
...replace present dustbins with larger one. what will happen next?
At first, students will put their paper boxes into the dustbin, which is good...
But we should keep in mind that the population of our college is growing as time goes by.
More students wtll take in more paper boxes, large dustbins are needed to contain these boxes...
You see? This is a dead end. We can't solve more with more, we need to solve more with less.
with that in mind, let's choose again and see if there is a betters solution.
Fro my point of view, this is the best solution!
To put this solution into action takes much efforts, time and money...
But it's worhtwhile! Let me further explain the advantages of this solution over other ones to you.
If you have already went through the first solution, you will know that students takes back large carpboard...
...because content inside the package is too large or heavy to be carried by bare hand...
...and they put it besides the dustbin because they can't throw it elsewhere.
By setting up recycling spots in the residential college, not only it will provides students with a place to throw there boxes...
...but also it will not be overwhelmed (like the enlarged dustbins in solution 2) since the caedboard paper boxes can be easily compressed...
...and sold to recycling stations outside the campus.
You see? That's how we will solve the problem
OK here we are.
We should now have a face to face discussion with Students' union of our College...
...to persuade them into setting up more recycling points...
...in which students' large carpel boxes are gathered, compressed and recycled,...
...so that there won't be more nasty smells produced by overwhelmed dustbin in the college
But why would the students' union even care about this problem? Is there any exigency?
Of course. First, if they choose to ignore the problem, not only will the residents of our college...
...but also will damage their image among the students.
On the other hand, if they choose to solve this problem, they will manage to do something and gain a good reputation!
